[RISA]
All right!
It's time to take on day two!
Let's see.
The event is five days total.
So, considering we got through
floor three yesterday...
Yeah, we're going
at a good pace.
But even so, what if we
were the first ones
to conquer the top floor?
[KAEDE]
Mm-hmm.
Let's make that our goal!
What lovely weather.
Look, Sally! The sea's up ahead!
Check that out!
A sea turtle!
Oh, wow! So cool!
Could that be the
boss of this floor?
Okay, hear me out.
Don't you wanna take
a ride on that turtle?
[RISA]
Say what?
Just a short one?
A teeny weeny one? Huh?
Fine, a teeny weeny one.
[F ADMIN B] I just finished
adjusting the monster encounter
rate on the third floor.
[ADMIN B]
Thank you!
[ADMIN C] I'm exhausted.
We got any energy drinks?
[ADMIN A] Maple and Sally
are on the fourth floor, right?
How's that going?
[SECRETARY]
In a word, relaxing.
[ADMINS]
Huh?
[ADMIN B]
Yeah, sure enough.
[ADMIN A]
I'd call that relaxing.
[RISA]
Hey, Maple?
Shouldn't we be moving
on to the next floor?
[KAEDE]
Yeah, you're right.
I'm really gonna miss this
nice, cool shell, though.
[SECRETARY]
Ah!
It would appear they'll be
fighting the boss shortly.
[F ADMIN B]
Don't worry about it!
This is the boss
of the whole floor,
so it won't be
taken down easily!
[ADMIN B] Yeah! And it doesn't
take damage through the shell,
so what can they do from there?
[RISA]
Web User!
Woohoo!
Here comes "Seeping Chaos!"
Now, Triple Slash!
Fireball!
[F ADMIN B whining]
[ADMIN C]
They pulverized it.
[MONSTERS growl]
Now then, Warrior Arms!
[yells]
[KANADE]
Elemental attacks are effective.
I'll use flame cutter!
Kuromu!
Are you all right?
[KUROMU]
Yeah!
This kinda thing is what
shielders do best!
You guys! Look out!
That was a close one.
But our real target...
...is here!
You ready for this?
[KUROMU] Once I create
an opening, go for it!
Get a load of this!
[MAY, YUI yell]
Double Strike!
They're not Maple, but they're
terrifying in their own way.
Ha. I'm glad they're
on our side.
You think Maple and Sally
are doing all right?
[KUROMU] This floor is pretty
much Sally's worst nightmare.
Well, you're not wrong there.
I'm curious.
[KAEDE roars]
[KAEDE]
A-ha-ha! A-ha-ha!
A-ha-ha!
Okay, that was the last of 'em!
It's safe now, Sally.
Carsick.
[ADMINS groan]
[F ADMIN B] Well, I have to
admit, I didn't see that coming.
[ADMIN B] I mean, holding your
friend inside your mouth?
[ADMIN C] What do you suppose
the inside of her mouth
actually feels like?
[SECRETARY]
Inappropriate question.
[ADMIN C]
What'd I say?!
[ADMIN A] Let's check in
on the front-runners.
[FREDERICA sighs]
So, tell me, why do I feel like
I'm working harder than usual?
It's simple.
Having a small party
puts a greater strain
on each member.
And hey, you were
the one who suggested
we keep the party
small this time.
Words have consequences,
Frederica. Good lesson.
I know what I said.
It's because Sally went
it alone with Maple, right?
You heard about that, and you
just had to follow her lead.
What difference does it make?
Still, though. Taking this on
as a small group is good for us.
Yeah! No doubt about that!
Astutely observed!
I'm very impressed!
Is there some
reason they're here?
Well, we can always
use 'em as shields.
[crash]
There.
Best of luck!
We're rooting for you!
For real, why are they here?
I'm counting on you!
[DREAD]
Back atcha!
But--hey!
Multi-Acceleration!
Multi-Energize!
War Song! Boost Morale!
Fissure!
[DREAD]
Bypass Armor!
Whirlwind Flurry!
Expand area!
Sword of Judgment!
Whuh-oh! Power Axe!
Frederica!
Send all our buffs over
to Payne right away!
[FREDERICA]
You got it! Multi-Augment!
[PAYNE yells]
Sword of Eradication!
All right! Now that's
what I call power!
We're now at the halfway point.
If we're all good on
our skills and stamina,
let's push on.
I'm totally fine.
I wanna be the
first team through!
[DRAG]
I like the sound of that.
So do I.
[SHIN] Still nothing but ice
and snow as far as the eye
can see.
We'll have to count on
Mii to carry us through
the boss fight.
Thought we'd never make it down.
I'm spent.
Thanks for finding and disarming
all those traps, Markus.
The cliff certainly
was perilous.
That's for sure.
Those weren't just any
ordinary traps back there.
If we'd gotten caught--
[SHIN]
Stop. We get it.
What do you think, Mii?
Shall we take a short breather?
Might as well.
We'll stop for five minutes
to allow Markus to recover
his strength.
After that, we continue.
--[SHIN] Got it!
--[MARKUS] Got it.
[MISERY]
Understood.
[MII]
I wonder how far Maple's gotten.
[KAEDE]
What?
Payne's party is on
the eighth floor already?
Guess so.
Frederica couldn't wait
to message me about it.
[KASUMI] If their party is
as small as I've heard,
this kind of progress
is impressive.
Gotta work hard...
...so we don't fall behind!
[KUROMU]
Your spirit is admirable,
but we should really
rest for the night.
So, how far did you two make it?
Thank you! We made it
through the sixth floor,
so we're about to
start the seventh.
I do have to say, I'm pretty
curious to find out
how Sally was able to
deal with the sixth floor.
Yeah? Well, you can
just keep wondering.
It's from Mii.
[MII]
How's it going for you two?
We're working on
the seventh floor!
Let's get tea together
again when this is over!
Wow. She's doing great!
Right! Can't let
myself fall behind!
Split-Sword!
Go! Flame!
[MARKUS yells]
Breath of the Gods!
And Healing Light!
Nice, Misery!
Yeah. You saved me.
Thanks for that.
Here it comes again!
Heavy Fire!
Our best move is to
keep hitting it with fire.
Hey, Misery.
Help me keep my MP up.
You got it, Mii!
[MII]
Flare Accel! Inferno!
[ADMIN A] Mii's party got
through the seventh floor
no problem.
[F ADMIN B]
Maple Tree's doing well, too!
[SECRETARY] Maple and Kuromu's
parties have reached
the eighth floor at
nearly the same time.
[ADMIN C] Which is just
slightly after Payne's
party did.
[ADMIN B] Exactly the three
guilds you'd expect!
Oh, no! Not again!
We can't see it anymore!
Where in the world is it?
[KASUMI grunts]
No--
Kasumi!
Sorry. Thanks for the help.
These anti-sleep potions.
I'm starting to think I should
have given more of them
to Maple and Sally.
Normally, a single hit is all
you need to wake up
from "sleep" status.
But Maple isn't
taking any damage,
so she just keeps sleeping.
[F ADMIN B]
All right!
That sleep attack stopped
Maple in her tracks!
[ADMIN C]
Status effects rule!
[SECRETARY] And now Sally
has defeated the boss.
[ADMIN A groans]
[RISA]
Maple? You okay?
[KAEDE]
Mm-hmm. Getting there!
Guessing I can't call
Syrup here, either.
Maple! Keep moving!
[KAEDE grunts]
That was close!
Whew. And up!
Hey! What's that?
Maple. There.
Great!
Just gotta know where to aim.
Machine God! Deploy Armaments!
Take us straight to the boss!
[KAEDE yells]
Knock-back?
Maple!
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA grunts]
--Here. C'mon.
--Thanks, Sally.
[RISA]
Now, we counterattack!
[KAEDE]
Roger!
Against a target of this size?
Ha! Wind Cutter!
[KAEDE]
Awesome, Sally!
And now, get ready for... Hydra!
[RISA] It countered with
the same attack type?
It's mimicking us! Be careful!
[KAEDE] You couldn't have
mentioned that a little earlier?
Man. This won't be easy.
But the good news is,
our attacks are working,
which means--
It's gonna take quite a while
to chip away at its health
if we have to
avoid its counters.
[KAEDE]
Drill Armaments! Deploy!
Maple?
[KAEDE]
Heavy Body!
That should take care
of the knock-back!
[KAEDE yells]
[yelling continues]
We did it, Sally!
So we did.
[ADMIN B] And with that, Maple
and Sally make their way
to the tenth floor.
[ADMIN A]
With Mii and Payne there too,
pretty much all the top
players have arrived.
[SECRETARY] They've
progressed far more quickly
than anticipated.
[F ADMIN B whines]
[ADMIN C]
It's not over yet!
Some of them barely
have any HP left!
[ADMIN A] All we can do now is
watch as the very best players
out there take on the strongest
boss we've ever made.
The tenth-floor boss.
Right off the bat, huh?
Are you ready?
Totally!
Shall we, then?
Yeah! Let's go!
[KAEDE]
Ha!
[RISA grunts]
[KAEDE coughs]
[RISA]
Maple!
[RISA] Too heavy, too fast,
and too strong!
[KAEDE]
Cover Move! Cover!
[RISA]
Nice!
Provocation!
Deploy Armaments!
Commence Attack!
And once more!
Maple! Look!
Oh, no!
[KAEDE yells]
And now, fixed damage that can't
be reduced? Come on!
It's so strong.
Yeah. It is the
final boss, after all.
[KAEDE]
What do we do?
[RISA] I'll do something
about its speed.
Once it stops moving,
both of us hit it
with everything we've got.
[KAEDE]
That's a nice, simple plan.
And don't worry, I'll be
sure to keep you safe.
Great. Thank you!
[KAEDE]
Loving Sacrifice!
Throne of the Heavenly King!
Oboro! Awaken!
Dark Fire! Torrent! Ancient Sea!
[RISA grunts]
Mirage! Double Slash!
Oboro! Shadow Clone!
Triple Slash!
What's happening now?
Not one opening.
Maple! Now!
Here! Frozen Earth!
Power Attack!
[KAEDE]
And Hydra!
And Seeping Chaos!
And Predator!
Ah! It changed its pattern?
[KAEDE]
Ah... Atrocity!
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA]
Maple! You okay?
Uh, yeah. Kind of.
[RISA] You should cancel
Loving Sacrifice.
It might throw an
AoE attack at us.
[KAEDE] Okay.
Just make sure you dodge.
I'll try.
Deploy Left Hand!
Here goes!
Oboro, Phantom World!
[OBORO barks]
Commence Attack!
[KAEDE]
And now...!
Again!
[KAEDE]
Sally!
[RISA]
Quintuple Slash!
We've almost got him!
Keep it up!
Right!
Hey, don't use Cover Move.
With damage doubled,
we can't afford it!
Okay! Provocation!
Counting on you!
Now, Syrup! Awaken!
Bastion, go!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Turr--
No! Syrup!
Super Speed!
[KAEDE]
Seeping Chaos!
This is wild!
But we're almost there!
[RISA]
Uh-oh. I can't avoid it!
No! Cover Move!
Maple?
[KAEDE grunts]
Ow.
Heal!
[KAEDE]
Here comes Frozen Earth!
And Break Core!
Break Core takes five
seconds to activate.
And Frozen Earth only
lasts three seconds.
[RISA]
In which case...
Ice Pillar! Sand Wall!
I think we've finally got him!
Huh? Seriously?
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA] You used Cover
Move after I said not to!
And yet...
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA] ...that's the only
reason I made it in time!
Empty Shell!
[BOTH laugh]
We did it!
[RISA]
It sure was hard, wasn't it?
Mm-hmm. And that's what
made it so much fun!
[SECRETARY] Payne's party
conquered the tower first,
then Mii's party,
and now Maple and Sally
have cleared it, too.
[F ADMIN B] Is it wrong that
I'm proud of them for fighting
so hard?
[ADMIN A] It's not like we
set out to make a game
that can't be beaten.
The excitement when someone wins
is what makes it all worthwhile!
[ADMINS]
Yeah! You said it!
[SECRETARY chuckles]
Is that so?
At any rate, their victory
will be rewarded
with silver medals
and some new skills.
[ADMIN B] I only hope these
new skills don't lead to
anything weird.
[ADMIN C] Let's cross that
bridge when we come to it.
Water Manipulation.
I'm guessing that's a skill
that lets you control water?
Could be pretty interesting,
depending on how it's used.
And you picked up
Unbreakable Shield, didn't you?
I did end up taking a lot
of damage this time.
Hopefully this will help
improve my blocking.
Wait, so now you'll
be even tougher?
Ah. I see you guys
made it back first.
We just finished ourselves.
[laughs] Good job, everyone!
Well, I suppose this means
you've beaten us.
[IZ] Even a tower like that
is no sweat for Maple.
We fought hard too, though.
And did our best!
Anyway, now everyone
in our guild
has conquered the tower.
Guess what, Maple!
They're saying Level
Seven will come out
after the event is over!
Wow! Really?
Yeah!
So, let's go beat
the Level Six boss!
Level Six boss?
[KAEDE]
Huh?
Oh, yeah.
Guess that's gonna be
a problem for Sally, huh?
No worries!
I've got a solution ready to go!
Not sure how I should
react to this.
[KASUMI] I'm choosing not
to think about it.
That's your plan. Interesting.